Caused by exceptions integration branch (#314)
bugsnag/bugsnag-python: CHANGELOG.md

Changelog
=========

## TBD

### Enhancements

> * Improve stacktraces for handled errors
>   Note: this will change error grouping for some handled errors
>   [#313](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-python/pull/313)
> * Bugsnag will now report the entire exception chain by traversing the `__cause__` and `__context__` of exceptions. This provides greater context into the cause of exceptions
>   [#299](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-python/pull/299)
>   [Diego Restrepo Mesa](https://github.com/drestrepom)
>   [#314](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-python/pull/314)

Reviewer: I have a suggested rewording to better emphasise the changes and the grouping note:

```suggestion
* Report the entire exception chain by traversing the `__cause__` and `__context__` of exceptions to provides greater context into the cause of exceptions
  [#299](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-python/pull/299)
  [Diego Restrepo Mesa](https://github.com/drestrepom)
  [#314](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-python/pull/314)
* Use the `__traceback__` attribute in Python 3 exception objects to improve stacktraces for handled errors
  [#313](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-python/pull/313)

**Note:** The use of `__traceback__` for the  stacktraces of handled events means that the grouping of these errors on your Bugsnag dashboard will be affected when this attribute is available: it will now show the location of the exception and not the call to `notify`.

```
